Add global commands to npm article + misc changes (#1025)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/npm/npm.md

---

> Title: 'NPM'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Title: 'npm'
```

  - 'paths/full-stack-engineer-career-path'
---

> Node Package Manager (npm) is a large collection of JavaScript packages. This makes adding complexity and funcionality to JavaScript project seamless. npm is also the official package manager of Node.js. Therefore, if Node.js was previously downloaded, npm is already installed!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Node Package Manager (npm) is an extensive collection of JavaScript packages. This makes adding complexity and functionality to JavaScript projects seamless. npm is also the official package manager of Node.js. Therefore, if Node.js was previously downloaded, npm is already installed!
```

> **Node Package Manager (npm)** is an extensive collection of JavaScript packages. This makes adding complexity and functionality to JavaScript projects seamless. npm is also the official package manager of Node.js. Therefore, if Node.js was previously downloaded, npm is already installed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Node Package Manager (npm)** is an extensive collection of JavaScript packages. This makes adding complexity and functionality to JavaScript projects seamless. npm is also the official package manager of [Node.js](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/open-source/node-js). Therefore, if Node.js was previously downloaded, npm is already installed!
```

## Packages

> Packages are tools composed of files and folders of JavaScript code. They provide one or more operations that can be installed, imported and used in a separate project. Thanks to npm, the installation process for packages is uniform.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Packages are tools composed of files and folders of JavaScript code. They provide one or more operations that can be installed, imported, and used in a separate project. Thanks to npm, the installation process for packages is uniform.
```

## The npm Registry

npm comes as two primary tools:

- A command-line tool with abilities that include installing and uninstalling packages.
- An online registry of all packages registered with npm.

> On [the npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/), all public packages can be searched and reviewed before installing. Most packages come with a `README.md` file with instructions for installation and usage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On [the npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/), all public packages can be searched and reviewed before installation. Most packages come with a `README.md` file with instructions for installation and usage.
```

## Common Commands

As a command-line tool, npm comes with a litany of commands for working with packages. One of the most common npm commands is:

```shell
npm install <package-name-here>
```

This is used to install packages from the NPM registry and add them to a JavaScript project. Running the command as `npm install` with no specific package will (re)install all the packages for the project.

> To learn more, run the following to get a brief overview of common commands:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To learn more, run the following command to get a brief overview of common commands:
```

```shell
npm --help
```

> `npm -h` works, too.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note** `npm -h` works, too.
```

Reviewer: I would put a colon `:` directly after \*\*Note

Alternatively, a (long) list of all npm commands, paired with brief descriptions, can be viewed with the `-l` flag:

```shell
npm -l
```

## Global Packages

> npm also features the ability to install packages globally, so packages can be used as command line tools anywhere.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
npm also features the ability to install packages globally, so packages can be used as command-line tools anywhere.
```

> npm also features the ability to install packages globally, so packages can be used as command-line tools anywhere.
> 
> The `-g` flag installs a package globally:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm also features the ability to install packages globally, so packages can be used as command-line tools anywhere. This is done with the `-g` flag:
```

```shell
npm install -g <package-name-here>
```

> Additionally, the `npx` executes packages anywhere while also handling installation. Usage:

Reviewer: This doesn't seem right? Isn't `npx` meant to execute packages without having to install (as opposed to handling it)?

```pseudo
npx [options] <command>[@version] [command-arg]
```

> For example, to execute the package `codecademy` with the arguments `"Hello world!"`, this would be the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following command would be used to execute the `codecademy` package with the arguments `"Hello world!"`:
```

> For example, to execute the package `codecademy` with the arguments `"Hello world!"`, this would be the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following command would be used to execute the `codecademy` package with the arguments `"Hello world!"`:
```

Packages are tools composed of files and folers of JavaScript code. They provide one or more operations that can be installed, imported and used in a separate project. Thanks to NPM, the installation process for packages is uniform.

## The npm Registry

npm comes as two primary tools:

- A command-line tool with abilities that include installing and uninstalling packages.
- An online registry of all packages registered with NPM.

On [the npm registry](https://www.npmjs.com/), all public packages can be searched and reviewed before installing. Most packages come with a `README.md` file with instructions for installation and usage.

## Common Commands

As a command-line tool, NPM comes with a litany of commands for working with packages. One of the most common NPM commands is:

```shell
npm install <package-name-here>
```

> This is used to install packages from the NPM registry and add them to a JavaScript project. Running the command as `npm install` with no specific package will (re)install all the packages for the project.

Reviewer 2: +1 on the change above ^^^

```bash
npm -l
```

## Global Packages

> NPM also features the ability to install packages globally. This allows you to use packages as command line tools anywhere on your computer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
npm also features the ability to install packages globally and use them as command line tools anywhere on the computer.
```

A few notes here:

- I think every instance of "NPM" should honestly be replaced with "npm." Even if it's the first word in the sentence. (per their [official site](https://docs.npmjs.com/about-npm))
- These two sentences could be consolidated into one.
- For Docs entries, we generally refrain from using a "you"/"your" voice in favor of a more neutral tone that is more manual and informative.

Author: Just checking, everywhere else on this page has NPM capitalized. Should I create a separate pull request to change this on the rest of the page?

> To install a package globally, use the `-g` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `-g` flag is used to install a package globally:
```

Another thing we aim for in Docs is a declarative text that simply states what some is or does or results from, etc.

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```

npm install -g <package-name-here>
```

Additionally, the `npx` allows you to execute packages anywhere while also handling installation. Usage:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```pseudo
```

This snippet is more like pseudocode, hence the suggestion.

npx [options] <command>[@version] [command-arg]
```

For example, to execute the package `codecademy` with the arguments `"Hello world!"`, this would be the command:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
